docs(core): refresh monorepos guide (#5946)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/guides/why-monorepos.md

- **Inconsistent tooling** - Each project uses its own set of commands for running tests, building, serving, linting, deploying, and so forth. Inconsistency creates mental overhead remembering which commands to use from project to project.

Tools like Lerna and Yarn Workspaces help optimize the installation of node modules, but they **do not** enable Monorepo-style development. In other words, they solve an orthogonal problem and even can are used in combination with Nx. Read more on it [here](https://blog.nrwl.io/why-you-should-switch-from-lerna-to-nx-463bcaf6821).

## Nx enhances monorepos

Nx provides tools to give you the benefits of a monorepo without the drawbacks of simple code collocation.

### Scaling your monorepo

- **Consistent Command Execution** - Executors allow for consistent commands to test, serve, build, and lint each project using various tools.

- **Consistent Code Generation** - Generators allow you to customize and standardize organizational conventions and structure, removing the need to perform the same manual setup tasks repetitively.

> - **Affected Commands** - [Nx’s affected commands](/latest/{{framework}}/cli/affected) analyze your source code, the context of the changes, and only runs tasks on the affected projects impacted by the source code changes.

Reviewer: I think this is supposed to be a link?

- **Distributed Caching** - Nx provides local caching and support for distributed caching of command executions. With distributed caching, when someone on your team runs a command, everyone else gets access to those artifacts to speed up their command executions, bringing them down from minutes to seconds. Nx helps you scale your development to massive applications and libraries even more with distributed task execution and incremental builds.

### Scaling your organization

> - **Controlled Code Sharing** - You define libraries with specific enforced APIs and put rules in place to define how those libraries can depend on each other. Using `CODEOWNERS` can be used to restrict who is allowed to change files in each project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Controlled Code Sharing** - While sharing code becomes much easier to share, there should also be constraints of when and how code should be depended on. Libraries are defined with specific enforced APIs. Rules should be put in place to define which libraries can depend on each other. Also, even though everyone has access to the repo does not mean that anyone should change any project. Projects should have owners such that changes to that project requires their approval. This can be defined using a `CODEOWNERS` file.
```
